hey man this cruciform cats and here is
another funky game called clash of clans
I'm getting like Warcraft vibes right
off the get-go as it's humans versus
goblins maybe that's intentional I mean
it's not like orcs exactly but if you've
gotten into some of these uh like fight
style games I don't even know like
there's a single-player campaign that
you can do if you want to do that I was
doing something where I think I was
attacking actual people earlier let's
build two of these guys and splooge the
rest of my money on these uh other ones
speed it up so they pump out really fast
and yeah um you got your shop here too
where look at all this stuff like it's
kind of a I don't know overwhelming
elixir collector should I build another
one of these I'll even know we'll build
another I guess blue ok so it looks like
there's gold there's a lick sir which is
something I can do I'll maybe and then
you've got these gem currencies so yeah
let's do an attack since I got all of
these dudes running around this goblin
outpost looks tempting enough we'll give
that a shot on the other side I don't
know if you're attacking real people or
what's going on number two start
dropping some people around let's check
this
oh god they got cannons but I got guns
it's over look at these little pink
archers they are badass
you got pinch-to-zoom so you can get
down with the hotness Oh take a natural
base take it natural base the barrage of
arrows as they just splooge oil and
money out and I am just raking in the
cash
apparently I've hit my max currency of
2500 so there's definitely some upgrade
than I need to get there right in the
tutorial at the alpha gate you'll get
some wizard dudes that are launching
these bolts whoa and they're not even
done there's not even in your base and
I'm taking it over all right we'll see
little bit more just cuz it's kind of
cool see with these community games I
mean what's going on with that what I
need to do upgrade I don't know that
much oil I'm trying to spend all my
money on those insane
archers oops oh I didn't mean to do that
Jesus Christ all right can I build more
these all right got more troops I'm
doing got my arm camp build or upgrade
existing gold storages so I played my
cards wrong I should have upgraded my
gold storage that can hold more than
that whatever we'll do another random
attack I will do this one because I'm
assuming it's going to get progressively
harder and maybe I'll die okay
I guess I'm just going to drop all these
young ladies in that same spot right at
the entrance gate oh and this is how you
die
oh no at least kill that one cannon yes
yeah that looks to be the end of this
one
defeated this is how big their defeat
feels hey my pride okay you try the shop
what do I need to do you have enough
stuff to know I don't click that and I
got a miniscule 11 Jesus achievements oh
my god is this live streaming of people
doing stuff
there's chat I love Mexican women oh my
god oh my god how immersive and I think
that's a clan so the name is appropriate
Jesus Jesus alright that's it for this
like me still having no idea how to play
but at least you got a feel for the
graphics and whatnot likes watching punk
ass
the way